# ETEFS_User

## Introduction
ETEFS_User is a transparent file encryption SDK based on API hooking technology. It runs in ring 3 mode. ETEFS_User can encrypt those files containing sensitive data generated by the selected applications, such as Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point. All files are stored in encrypted form on the disk. The encryption progress is executed at background on-the-fly, and does not interrupt the normal operation behavior of the end user. Because of developing by user mode API hooking technology, without any kernel mode drivers, it is easy to integrate ETEFS_User into your software product in a short development cycle.  
The application code can not aware of the encryption at all. Any of target applications can access the files without code changes as if they were not encrypted. Only applications selected by us should have transparent access to the encrypted data. Other Windows applications can only ever find the data in question securely encrypted and therefore unreadable.  
Besides of the core transparent file encryption functionality, ETEFS_User also provides some extension functionalities that are very useful in developing data security related software product, including a file access control module and an operation event monitor module. With the help of ETEFS_User, software developers can rapidly build various document security products from scratch, like DLP (Data Loss Prevent) system, document right management system and document operation auditing system, etc. 

## Supported OS
32-bit (x86) and 64-bit (X64) architectures of Windows XP and later.

## Connect
For more information, please visit   
http://www.etefs.com  
http://www.minifilter.net  
For business coroperation or more product detail ,please contact  
**etefs@etefs.com**
